feat: allow Spanner and Datastore Transaction Manager in same project (#1412)
GoogleCloudPlatform/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/datastore.adoc

If a method annotated with `@Transactional` calls another method also annotated, then both methods will work within the same transaction.
`performTransaction` cannot be used in `@Transactional` annotated methods because Cloud Datastore does not support transactions within transactions.

> Other Google Cloud database related libraries like spanner, firestore can introduce `PlatformTransactionManager` beans, and can interfere with Datastore Transaction Manager. To disambiguate, explicitly specify the name of the transaction manager bean for such `@Transactional` methods, for eg.

Reviewer: Just a wording suggestion. Please update the other instances as well if you like the rewording.

```suggestion
Other Google Cloud database-related integrations like Spanner and Firestore can introduce `PlatformTransactionManager` beans, and can interfere with the Datastore Transaction Manager. To disambiguate, explicitly specify the name of the transaction manager bean for such `@Transactional` methods. Example:
```
